New project update project progression (#165)
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council: PROJECT_PROGRESSION.md

This governance policy sets forth the proposal process for projects to be accepted into the Foundation. The process is the same for both existing projects which seek to move into the Foundation, and new projects to be formed within the Foundation.

### Project Proposal Requirements

> New projects should express interest to join the OpenJS Foundation via an email to new-projects@lists.openjsf.org with a filled out [Project Application Template](./NEW_PROJECT_APPLICATION.md). The initial application will have a silent period for internal only discussion. If your application is denied during this phase you will be notified privately. If there are no objections to the application, projects will given an `incubation` status and begin the on-boarding process. **Note** the `incubation` status is temporary as we determine if the project is a good fit. At any time during the `incubation` process a project can withdraw either voluntarily or at the request of the CPC.

Reviewer: This paragraph seems to be redundant, as steps are described in Application Phases.
How about we remove it partly/completely, and add info in phases instead?

Author: Some of the copy about incubation process isn't documented anywhere else. Perhaps that should be a separate section

> New projects should express interest to join the OpenJS Foundation via an email to new-projects@lists.openjsf.org with a filled out [Project Application Template](./NEW_PROJECT_APPLICATION.md). The initial application will have a silent period for internal only discussion. If your application is denied during this phase you will be notified privately. If there are no objections to the application, projects will given an `incubation` status and begin the on-boarding process. **Note** the `incubation` status is temporary as we determine if the project is a good fit. At any time during the `incubation` process a project can withdraw either voluntarily or at the request of the CPC.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
New projects should express interest to join the OpenJS Foundation via an email to <new-projects@lists.openjsf.org> with a filled out [Project Application Template](./NEW_PROJECT_APPLICATION.md). The initial application will have a silent period for internal only discussion. If your application is denied during this phase you will be notified privately. If there are no objections to the application, projects will given an `incubation` status and begin the on-boarding process. 
**Note** the `incubation` status is temporary as we determine if the project is a good fit. At any time during the `incubation` process a project can withdraw either voluntarily or at the request of the CPC.
```

Reviewer 2: Makes the e-mail clickable

> New projects should express interest to join the OpenJS Foundation via an email to new-projects@lists.openjsf.org with a filled out [Project Application Template](./NEW_PROJECT_APPLICATION.md). The initial application will have a 2 week silent period for internal only discussion. If your application is denied during this phase you will be notified privately. If there are no objections to the application projects will given an `incubation` status and begin the onboarding process. **Note** the `incubation` status is temporary as we determine if the project is a good fit. At any time during the `incubation` process a project can withdraw either volunatarily or at the request of the CPC.

Reviewer 3: I don’t see this text in #158. I’m on mobile, so I might be missing things.

> New projects should express interest to join the OpenJS Foundation via an email to new-projects@lists.openjsf.org with a filled out [Project Application Template](./NEW_PROJECT_APPLICATION.md). The initial application will have a 2 week silent period for internal only discussion. If your application is denied during this phase you will be notified privately. If there are no objections to the application projects will given an `incubation` status and begin the onboarding process. **Note** the `incubation` status is temporary as we determine if the project is a good fit. At any time during the `incubation` process a project can withdraw either volunatarily or at the request of the CPC.

Author: PTAL

#### Application Phases

> 1. Initial email sent to new-projects@lists.openjsf.org with filled out [Project Application Template](./NEW_PROJECT_APPLICATION.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Initial email sent to <new-projects@lists.openjsf.org> with filled out [Project Application Template](./NEW_PROJECT_APPLICATION.md).
```

1. Silent period. Internal only discussion.
1. Initial acceptance as [Incubating][] Project.

> 1. Project goes through process of adhering to on-boarding checklist from [Project Application Template](./NEW_PROJECT_APPLICATION.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Project goes through process of adhering to onboarding checklist from [Project Application Template](./NEW_PROJECT_APPLICATION.md).
```

Projects may be granted Emeritus status via a 2/3 vote from the CPC and with approval from project ownership. In cases where there is a lack of project ownership, only a 2/3 vote from the CPC is required.

### Incubating

**Definition** 

Incubating projects are projects that are in the process of completing their on-boarding checklist to join the foundation. Projects in this phase may looking to join the foundation as At-Large, Growth, or Impact Stage. Members of incubating projects are invited to join Cross Project Council meetings as a guest, please refer to the [CPC Charter](./CPC-CHARTER.md) for details on how guests may participate in the meetings.

**Examples**

1. Projects that have been accepted into incubation process after silent period.

**Expectations**

It is expected that incubating project will make an active effort to work through the on-boarding process in a reasonable timeframe. They will be offered foundation support to help do so.

**Acceptance Criteria**

1. Completion of the on-boarding checklist

> 1. 2/3 cote from the CPC to accept project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. 2/3 supermajority vote from the CPC to accept project
```

Projects may be granted Emeritus status via a 2/3 vote from the CPC and with approval from project ownership. In cases where there is a lack of project ownership, only a 2/3 vote from the CPC is required.

### Incubating

**Definition** 

> Incubating projects are projects that are in the process of completing their on-boarding checklist to join the foundation. Projects in this phase may looking to join the foundation as At-Large, Growth, or Impact Stage. Members of incubating projects are invited to join Cross Project Council meetings as a guest, please refer to the [CPC Charter](./CPC-CHARTER.md) for details on how guests may participate in the meetings.

Reviewer 4: > Projects in this phase may looking

may be looking, I assume

**Examples**

1. Projects that have been accepted into incubation process after silent period.

**Expectations**

It is expected that incubating project will make an active effort to work through the on-boarding process in a reasonable timeframe. They will be offered foundation support to help do so.

**Acceptance Criteria**

> 1. Completion of the on-boarding checklist

Reviewer 3: where is the on-boarding checklist defined? This should probably be a link.
